It was revealed by the Tales of Albion that Jack of Blades came from a place called the Void. It is also revealed that he had come with the Queen of Blades and the Knight of Blades, who together were known as the Court. He and the others demanded that the people of Albion bow down before them. When the people refused, the Court "burned Albion until the earth turned black and the sky was thick with smoke". When the people refused a second time, they lifted the sea into the sky and flooded the world. The third time they demanded worship, they claimed that they would bring peace, but again the people refused, so the Court twisted their minds until they went insane. Finally, the inhabitants bowed to the Court.
Upon her graduation from the Guild, Scarlet Robe quickly established herself as one of the greatest heroines in Albion's history up to that point. The book called The Pale Balverine describes her successful take-down of a white balverine with a silver arrow, while it is mentioned elsewhere that she participated in the "Great Balverine Extermination." Perhaps in recognition of her abilities, she was invited to fight in the Witchwood Arena, where she emerged the first female champion in arena history. After a battle with twelve Balverines, Scarlet Robe was found in a near-death state by Brom, a woodsman from Oakvale who proceeded to take her in and nurse her back to health. In time, they married and had two children: the boy who would become the Hero of Oakvale and Theresa. 
Hobbes have been described in the Creatures of Albion Book III as the "under-race of the dells and hollows." As such, they are said to have their genetics entwined with the mud and slime of the deep country. According to legend, the very first hobbes were lost children who had their souls stolen by dark Nymphs. They can still transform lost children into more hobbes, but the sheer number of hobbes indicates that they have another method of reproduction, given that there isn't a pandemic of lost and kidnapped children throughout Albion. 
According to the Oracle, the future Guildmaster, then known by his name Weaver, joined Maze in leading a revolt against the leadership of the Heroes' Guild, disagreeing with the practice of only offering "good" quests rather than letting Heroes determine their own morality. Many Heroes were killed in this fight, and their number was at its lowest in centuries. With the success of the revolt, Scythe recommended Weaver as the new head of the Guild because of his "impartial serenity."
Long ago, on a ship from the South Islands, Thunder and his little sister Whisper left for Albion. But the ship came upon a Kraken nest during a storm, and the whole ship was devoured. Thunder, however, took his little sister in his arms and swam to the coast, after supposedly raining thunder from the heavens to slay the Kraken. Arriving in Albion, he made a name for himself as a Hero, and became Champion of the Witchwood Arena. He was able to complete the Arena battles without taking a break, a feat unmatched by any Hero - except Jack of Blades - until the Hero of Oakvale, alongside Whisper. He was disdainful of the younger Hero. Despite this, he appeared as an ally as well as an adversary. Thunder was deeply in love with Lady Grey, and courted her obsessively. 
Reaver was originally born in Oakvale and is well known in Albion for being an excellent marksman. It is said that he would capture ships by shooting the captain from across the water no matter the distance or conditions. The more impossible the shot was, the faster the crew would surrender. When leading the Hero of Bowerstone through the tunnels of his home, in Bloodstone, he tells the player how much he loves a good 'scrap', exemplifying his willingness to fight and competence in battle. He is blessed with eternal youth and often remarks on periods of time which he has lived in. His immortality comes from a deal he made with the Shadow Judges in the Shadow Court. They sustained his youth at the cost of other peoples' through an annual ritual.
Elvira grew up with her older sister Amanda in the Grey House, just off of Barrow Fields. Amanda was beautiful and pure, and the rightful heir to the seat of power of Bowerstone. An already jealous Elvira was visited by a "masked messenger", who encouraged her into killing her sister. Out of thirst for power, Elvira locked her older sister in the cellar beneath their childhood home, where she suffocated and died. Leaving her old life behind, Elvira became "Lady Grey" and took her sister's place as Bowerstone's mayor. She sold half of the books from the Bowerstone School library to raise money to build Bowerstone Manor. With the manor commissioned, Lady Grey moved in and lived there from that point forward. 
The Crawler, referred to by some as the Nightcrawler, is the true main antagonist of Fable III. It is first encountered after the Hero of Brightwall, Sir Walter Beck and Captain Ben Finn are shipwrecked on the coast of Aurora. While Walter and the Hero trying to figure out where they are, the Crawler begins to psychologically attack them. When it first attacks Walter, it leaves him blind until the Aurorans find him and help him. Walter never seems to fully recover from the attack and this seems to allow the Crawler to possess him later on. It is only seen in physical form a handful of times throughout the game but its voice can be heard taunting the Hero and their allies during encounters with the darkness. 
Gargoyles are living stone ornaments that can be seen throughout the land of Albion in Fable II. They have small, light grey faces with sparkling eyes, and are renowned and reviled among the people of Albion for their habit of mocking and insulting any and all passersby, including the Hero of Bowerstone. Their unique, heavily-accented Scottish banter is a dead giveaway as to their presence. 
Behold, the bold, the spirited sparrow,\nAs it doth fly above our dreary jail,\nNone can harm it,not even an arrow,\nAnd should you try, You would surely fail,\nIts tale does bore forth from its beak,\nHow once it was imprisoned inside of a cage,\nNow tis one with the clouds, so to speak,\nTwas turned to vapour by an angry mage,\nOh, spritely sparrow, dearest of all birds,\nOh, that you were behind bars again,\nIf only you had heeded my watchful words.\n-The Cautionary Song of the Jailbird
Grey, is the prettiest colour,\nOh, Grey, is the prettiest colour,\nFor it’s in her name, her eyes,\nAnd her soul,\nShe makes me feel ten feet taller,\nTo see her, is to lose control,\nShe lives in the North side among rainbows,\nAnd I look at her from dead, scummy slums,\nHer suitors, are always the same ones,\nHer presence afflicts them, with the runs,\nShe's the Mayoress of my kingdom,\nI worship her all night and all day,\nMy words are true, and I bring them!\n-Lady Grey
No lilacs blooming in the orchid, on a cool autumn’s day,\nCan compare to inflicting some torture! With pincers from a tray,\nNo roses out in the sun, or dripping with rain,\nCan equal the joy that fills one, when delivering pain,\nScalpels, pokers and forks, can rend, sever and hack,\nBut nothing produces such songs, as those upon the rack!\n-An Ode to Torment
Heroes left the Guild and made their choices, good or evil, in Albion. But, with the freedom to do as they chose, they often clashed. Sometimes they fought to the death. These bouts were often arranged in advance and people traveled from miles around to see them. Eventually the Arena was built, and the bouts became bigger and more spectacular. Creatures from across Albion were captured and brought there for Heroes to kill. One rule remained from the olden days, though. Should either combatant so choose, the battles could be to the death.\n-The Arena
Nymphs are ethereal, yet dangerous creatures. There are three known types. The Water Nymph, The Wood Nymph and the very powerful Succubus Nymph. All will be eager to send you to an early death if you stray across their path.\n-Creatures of Albion Book I 
Mindless, attacking animals bred by the Old Kingdom wall-guards for attacking intruders, minions are keen to rip the flesh of anything in their way. The only thing they fear are their masters and the bigger, more powerful minions known as Dreadwings.\n-Creatures of Albion Book I 
Born of the fires of ancient Bolewood, scorpions are armoured beasts with evil hearts. Hushed voices tell of larger scorpions, bred in captivity for fighting.\n-Creatures of Albion Book I 
Horrific entities caught in the netherworlds. Screamers have long struck fear into the population at night. They roam the land and are dangerous in their attacks.\n-Creatures of Albion Book I 
The Wasps have stings that more than match their size. They are aggressive and can kill if enough venom is injected into their foes. Their aerial antics make them tough to hit, and weary travellers should especially fear the Wasp Queen, leader of the hive.\n-Creatures of Albion Book II 
The Beetles of Albion's woods are tough, dangerous foes when they attack en masse. Those skilled at weaponry are required to defeat them. Villagers, even armed, strong ones risk great harm if they take on a nest of Beetles.\n-Creatures of Albion Book II 
Born from beneath the ground of Albion, trolls are ancient, powerful beings. The Earth Trolls are single-minded and extremely dangerous, but the mighty Rock Trolls inspire awe and fear in all who behold them. Lumbering hulks they may be, but they make mighty foes and demand respect from even the most powerful heroes.\n-Creatures of Albion Book II 
The Undead are unthinking and impervious to what mortals consider pain. Wave upon wave will keep advancing until they overpower their victims, so the only way to stop them is with extreme force.\n-Creatures of Albion Book II 
The wolf-people of the forests, Balverines are strong, cunning and fast. They are evil through and through, but especially so are the stronger, more cunning White Balverines born of a full moon. These are said to be the result of those bitten who resisted the poison and, instead of dying, became one with the clan. The Old Kingdom tells of silver weapons built especially to kill these White Balverines.\n-The Creatures of Albion Book III
The under-race of the dells and hollows, the Hobbes are short and squat half-people whose genetics are entwined with the mud and slime of the deep country. Often dim but always aggressive, Hobbes are led by tougher leaders. The brainiest can even learn to use spells, some say.\n-The Creatures of Albion Book III
Albion is surrounded by nine seas, and the Krakens rule them all. These aquatic creatures were here long before the Kingdoms of Old, yet few have ever seen one. And not even the most boastful Heroes claim to have defeated a Kraken in combat.\n-The Creatures of Albion Book III
What more can be said about these fiery creatures who own the mountains? A race in decline, they were once revered, but now they are just an ancient, albeit powerful and dangerous relic of the Old Kingdom.\n-The Creatures of Albion Book III
He is known by no one, and he is known by all. He is said to be as ancient as the Old Kingdom, and yet he has the strength of ten Heroes. Some say he is not of this world, and has come to us only for the pleasure of death and destruction. Some say he is but a legend, and the mask has covered the faces of dozens over the centuries, all claiming to be the same Jack of Blades. Whatever he is, he prevails in stories and in nightmares, and he is feared even by the Guild.\n-Jack of Blades
Many Dragons lived in Albion, but the Old Kingdom huntsmen killed them for sport. The survivors fled to the mountains and the Northern Wastes and overtime they grew less powerful, and their fiery breath less dangerous. Without man they had no natural enemies. But a dragon is a dragon and to this day when an Albion child has an accident in this underpants it's known as 'Seeing a Dragon'. Although sometimes it's just known as 'pooing yourself, you dirty little boy'.\nThe Dragons
The nine seas surround Albion, but to the North is the Wasteland. Some say there's nothing, and others that it is Jack of Blades true home. The old Scribes say that it was once a mighty empire before the glaciers came. Libraries of arcane knowledge still exist beneath the ice, and those who once lived there sleep deeply beneath the cold blanket, ready to reawaken when the time comes and Albion is ruled again by one man.\n-The Northern Wastes
Long ago the kingdom of Archon ruled every corner of Albion. The World was peaceful and in perfect order, though many wondered if the force that held it altogether was not corrupt. For Archon had in his possession a sword of vast and mysterious power, and Albion's elders wrote of gradual changes overcoming their leader. These changes spread to the kingdom itself. Strange structures were erected round the world, and huge armoured figures were seen guarding four hubs of energy and Archon's Castle itself. Every living thing was touched by the Sword's influence, and soon foul creatures the world had never seen before darkened the people's lives. And yet no record exists of what caused the fall of the Kingdom. So suddenly, so irrevocably, Archon and the Sword disappeared, but the darkness remained.\n-The Old Kingdom
During the Old Kingdom, people fled the hatred, the pain within Albion in their masses. Boats sped from the shores in every direction. And one group of emigrants pitched up in paradise. Warm seas, palm trees and coral sands beckoned. And the inhabitants welcomed the visitors with food, comfort and grace. But the people of Albion had headcolds and when they passed these onto the islanders, almost all of them died. And the Albion Settlers, not knowing how to farm the weird fruits, catch fish or hunt the wild pigs and chickens, died too. But the few islanders who survived buried the dead and rebuilt their paradise. With new, impenetrable beach defences.\n-The Other Land 
Ralf was a hero who fought bravely and well. But his face showed the scars of battle and frankly, no woman would look at him. In his despair, he robbed the ancient trader barons of Greatwood and bought a house and a pile of presents to give out. Women fell at his feet and eventually he chose a gorgeous one to marry. But too late, he realized that the type of female who is impressed by gifts and houses is too shallow to make a good bride. So Ralf decapitated her and waved her lovely head about in triumph. And the phrase 'Trophy Wife' was born.\n-A Love Story
This book is a worshipful, some say exaggerated, history of Knothole Glade's most famous Balverine Slayer, Scarlet Robe. It tells the story of her first encounter with one of the beasts, at the tender age of fifteen, when she astounded Knothole Glade's elder warriors by killing a particularly fierce Balverine using only a piece of wood. It goes on to give a detailed account of her stay with the Heroes' Guild, her pivotal role in the Great Balverine Extermination battle and her triumph in the Arena.\n-The Balverine Slayer
This satirical pamphlet purports to be a journal of a Zero in training, and is a thinly veiled attack on the Guild, the self-claimed superiority of its members and the cult of celebrity that surrounds them. The author disappeared shortly after its publication.\n-The Guild of Zeroes
Written by one of the few survivors, this is a harrowing account of the night Oakvale was burnt to the ground in the most savage Bandit raid in Albion's recorded history. Despite the honesty of the author's grief, the book raised some controversy by refuting the established theory that laid the blame on the Bandits of the Twinblade clan, and suggesting that the feared Jack of Blades masterminded the attack.\n-The Oakvale Raid
There was an Archer who believed he was the best in the land. He was also a lord, but had fallen out of favour with his people and had been imprisoned for lying. Determined to prove himself on his release, he set off to battle fearsome Balverines. He was bitten but did not die. Instead he changed and over time became a powerful, evil Balverine. Normal weapons hardly hurt him. So thick was his skin. But he hadn't counted on a red-robed woman's solid silver arrow of truth which pierced him and killed him.\nThe Pale Balverine 
This epic poem was once taught in every school, but its themes were regurgitated so often by lesser verse makers it lost all its power and is now virtually forgotten. It tells the story of a young boy whose village is destroyed by a band of savages. Orphaned, he is taken in by an old warrior who teaches him the ways of the sword. As a grown man, he slays an ancient evil and restores order to his world.\n-The Trials of Aarkan
As everyone knows, Hobbes are stupid creatures. But every so often a clever one comes along. Maxley was one such Hobbe, and tired of eating raw flesh and sleeping in streams, he left to seek his fortune in the world of humans. He murdered a nobleman and stole his clothes, dressed up and walked tall on the road to Bowerstone. When he arrived people complimented him on his appearance. When he answered, his Hobbe grunting gave him away. The guards killed Maxley and put his head on a spike. It is better to keep quiet and be thought an idiot then[sic] to open one's mouth and prove it.\n-The Tale of Maxley
Heroes, good or evil, need self-discipline. And Twinblade, a young, powerful swordsman, was no different. After graduation, he stopped taking Quests at the Guild when he realized he could take what he wanted from anyone. His love of gold and growing resentment of other Heroes drove him to live in the woods as a thief. His strength and ruthlessness led him to face and kill other Bandit Clan Leaders and he united the Forest Clans and became King of the Bandits. But deep inside him, Twinblade never lost the code of honour and respect the Guild had instilled in him.\n-The Tale of Twinblade
Quentin stood over the sleeping form and clenched the knife tightly in his hand. Here was the woman he loved, the first person who'd shown him true affection, the wonderful creature whose very laugh made him want to sing. Could he really go through with this? One transgression, which she had tearfully labeled a terrible mistake. For that, did she deserve death? He wrestled with the question for what seemed an eternity. But while his logical mind desperately tried to stay his hand, in his liver he knew what he must do. He raised the blade. It glinted with deadly promise in the moonlight, then vanished as he plunged it into his darling.\n-Liver of Darkness
None knew from whence they came, nor to whence they would go upon completing their terrible orgy of bloodshed. All that was known was that they came, and armageddon came with them. They killed everyone, and in unimaginably horrible ways. Ways that, even if they were imaginable, you wouldn't want to imagine them, believe me. Their rampage left the village decimated, and for generations the few survivors and their offspring could barely bring themselves to speak the name of that most terrifying of evils: "Puffin."\n-Attack of the Killer Puffins
Baron von Orfen was a dabbler in the black arts, particularly alchemy. As a young nobleman, he applied a sample of his own blood, mixed with various alchemical substances, to a mandrake root and created a small, diminutive version of himself- a homunculus. It was his dark aim that this creation would become a vessel for any ailment or malady which would otherwise plague the Baron himself. From that day forward, Baron von Orfen suffered no disease, no wound, no wart, nary any affliction at all. Thus it was that the Baron lived well past the age of eighty, until one day he accidentally knocked the homunculus into an alembic of powerful acid. There it promptly dissolved, and the horrified Baron, seeing this, steeled himself for the worst...but was fine. Turns out he just had a really amazing constitution.\n-The Extraordinary Homunculus of Baron von Orfen
Markus Ivy was the fourth ruler to be named Markus: however he believed this fact diminished his importance, so he insisted that the letters after his name were merely an oddly spelled surname. No member of his court ever took issue with this, partly out of fear of reprisal and partly because... well, how could you have that conversation and not have it be unbelievably awkward?\n-Famous Kings of History: Markus Ivy
Old King Osmond had a long and peaceful reign, but as he grew older, he became obsessed with his own mortality. Actually, first he was obsessed with someone else's mortality, but then he switched to his own. He had heard the legend of the fabled Elixer of Immortality, and the fables of the legendary Secret of the Ages, so he summoned many knights of the realm, and commanded them to go forth and search for the key to eternal life. So desperate was he that he decreed, 'Any knight to return without the Elixer shall be executed.' So none of them came back, and he died in due course. It was not one of Oswald's better decrees.\n-Famous Kings of History: Old King Oswald
King Cedric the Just but Fair was a lover of the arts. He commissioned elaborate spectacles at his Palace, often with himself as the main performer. He particularly enjoyed shadow puppetry. When not on stage, Cedric introduced several harsh and unorthodox legal reforms. During his reign, over seventy members of the aristocracy were executed- three for treason, one for comspiracy, and sixty-eight for misidentifying the animal or thing he was depicting.\n-Famous Kings of History: King Cedric
King Logan's greed knows no bounds! How cruelly does he fleece our citizens of their hard-won coin through his onerous and unjust taxes! And how cruelly does his lickspittle lackey, that rapacious dog,Reaver, harshly exploit his poor, unfortunate workers! The time has come for change, real change- what we need is a democracy! I know, I know, I'm always on about republics, but I did some further reading and I really think democracy offers a pretty compelling package.Shake off the yoke of monarchy,good people, and join me in the glorious struggle to create a new democracy! Or a republic is fine if you really have your heart set on that,but I do think we'd be missing out on a few things. As usual, my offer to oversee all aspects of government during the transition is still on the table.\n-The Grasping Avarice of Kings and their Lackeys
King Logan is an evil tyrant! Monarchy- what is it good for? Never should the lives of the many be controlled by one man! Or woman- seen that, it doesn't work either. Anyway; what we need is a republic! In the past, I've called for democracy, but I was speaking to some people and they really opened my eyes to this republic thing. Rise up to overthrow the monstrous autocrat! In the meantime, appoint me as Supreme Ruler! I will faithfully oversee the transition from monarchy to republic, strictly on a temporary basis! Really. No, really. I mean it! You can trust me!\n-The Tyranny of Tyrants
Carl Tendency was hunting with a friend when tragedy struck. Attempting to climb over a mossy log, Carl slipped and his rifle fired, the bullet striking his friend squarely in the chest. It was almost certainly an accident, but still he did kill him, so I'm well within my rights including it here. I guess, given the banality of the circumstances he wasn't really famous, but when this book comes out, he bloody well will be then.\n-Famous Killers: Carl Tendency
Terence Posture returned from work on an otherwise uneventful day to find his wife in bed with another man.Unable to control his rage, Posture leapt upon the couple with the firm intention of killing them both; however his hands found only one throat.When all was said and done, his wife lay dead, and the unknown adulterer had fled.I think I left one of my good shoes there, too.\n-Famous Killers: Terence Posture
Xavier Smedley is a unique entry in our rogues' gallery of famous killers, in that he is neither famous nor a killer. However, I have always disliked him, and it is my sincere hope that his very inclusion on this list will be seen by prospective romantic partners, their parents, or future employers and make his life difficult. If he didn't want that trouble, he shouldn't have sat in my chair.\n-Famous Killers: Xavier Smedley
I Conjure thee, O thou Mighty and Potent Prince of Darkness, Almadiel, who wanders in the Aethyr. I conjure thee forthwith to appear here with thy attendants, in this the witching hour of night! Stand before me in this Circle, herein inscribed. Come forth, in a fair and comely shape, to do my will in all things that I shall desire of you! Do not appear as the Shadow, I abjure thee! Here be the Seal of Almadiel, by which I command you!\n-The Invocation of the Watchers
Theresa had said ‘take my hand.’ Hammer had done as she was told, and at the touch of the warm flesh she felt a surge within her. A feeling at first that she couldn’t identify- it was scary, but it was arousing too. She’d had thoughts of women before but never acted on them. Now it was all she could think about- it made her excited; as excited she had been the night she secretly spied on Garth and Reaver. They were so forceful with each other, and yet so tenderly yielding. The memory of that night brought a sickeningly delicious pit to her stomach. Her pulse quickened, and she let her robe slip from her shoulders and stepped into the warm bath, thinking of the two men. She began to recreate that night in her mind.\n-The Pangs of Sunset
Ignatius Boatload: Extracts from the diary of a hermit. Day one: I have taken leave of the world. All my life I have spoken with my fellow man about truth and meaning, and I have found neither, from this day forth, no more talk. Enlightenment must be earnestly sought, not idly discussed. Anything else is a meaningless distraction. Day 52: Long have I sat in this cave, eating only leaves of the golden flower, and meditating upon the divine. Soon I will become one with the universe! I can feel it! Day 182: Solitude is the great purifier. Perhaps solitude itself is divine? Through its purity, I let go of my earthly self and with doing so become one with all. Day 313: I was meditating in divine silence, really close to becoming one with all, Myra from the village came to check on me. I told her I was fine, and she left. And now I'm mainly thinking about becoming one with her. Mmm Hmm.\n-The Book of Mysteries
Subtitled "The Unauthorized Biography", this is one of the few surviving copies of the unofficial life story of Lord Lucien, most of them having been destroyed in a great fire (along with the anonymous author, according to some). It delves into the darker and more secretive parts of Lucien's history, from the claims that his grandmother was a madwoman who had to be locked in the attic, to the speculation that there may have been foul play in the death of his sister. The book contends that the loss of his wife and daughter later in life plunged Lord Lucien not just into despair, but into the kind of insanity that almost certainly runs in the Fairfax blood. His strange obsession over ancient texts, his expeditions abroad, and a newfound ruthlessness would all lend credence to that theory. The book ends with a warning, "for who knows what catastrophe a man of such power and drive may bring upon us if he has indeed been consumed by lunacy?"\n-Lucien the Lunatic 
The following is excerpted from one of countless tracts which circulated in Albion shortly before the destruction of the Heroes' Guild.
"Citizen! Are you tired of fawning over Heroes not out of love, but fear? Tired of Heroes receiving special privileges? Tired of being a second-class citizen? This is a call to action: join the Oakvale Anti-Hero League today! Heroes once protected Albion. But in the absence of the great threats of old, threats like Jack of Blades, Heroes protect us from nothing. Instead they menace, extort, and bully the people they once served. It is time to turn our backs on these relics of another time and set our sights on the future! Ask yourself, whom shall we thank for the prosperity of our age? Heroes? No! Engineers. Doctors. Inventors and natural philosophers. These people give us larger and safer cities, healthier crops, cleaner water, longer and fuller lives. The people can solve their own problems. The Heroes' Guild is no longer needed, nor wanted, in Albion. We will deliver this message, by force if necessary! In the age of the firearm, we do not need Heroes- nor shall we fear them!"\n-The Fall of the Guild
Subtitled "The Sword is Mightier than the Hen" this horror/adventure novel by popular author Meredith Sock (Who was as renowned as he was reviled), tells the story of a giant, prehistoric chicken terrorising a land of farmers. Scenes like the one where Megafowl creeps from behind a barn to peck a whole yard of farm hands to death are said to be responsible to for a shortage of agricultural workers in the years that followed the book's publication. The tale ends happily, however, when a Hero by the name of Armageddon Smith arrives to slay the mighty beast. The sequel, "Megafowl 2: Revenge of the Hen" was banned for fear it would drive communities like Oakfield into economic ruin. Copies are rare and highly sought after.\n-Megafowl
A sequel to The Sword is Mightier than the Hen, this horror novel by the novelist Meredith Sock is a rare collector's item. Though similar in parts to the first Megafowl book, this one begins with the death of Armageddon Smith, the Hero of the original. Armageddon has now retired and has a farm of his own. One night, as he rocks on his porch, reminiscing past glories, spitting out chicken wing bones into a bucket, the ground trembles and a giant shadow blocks out the moonlight. The giant chicken, descended from the first one Armageddon killed, gets it revenge with one swoop of its left claw, kicking the old hero into the horizon. This shocking opening sets the scene for the unremitting carnage that follows. The bleak ending in which the megafowl takes its own life may have contributed to the book being banned.\n-Megafowl 2: Revenge of the Hen
Though it came to be known by its present name some ninety years ago, when it was bought by the noble and illustrious Fairfax family, the castle was built more than fifty years previous than that. And, if this book is to be believed, it has a long tradition of strange and unexplained events. It was commissioned by the reclusive alchemist Leo Head after his potion of youth made him a fortune. Leo swore never to make the potion again and retired to the grand halls of the castle. It was rumoured that he was working on a new, even more fantastic potion, but Leo was never seen in public again. When the authorities entered the castle seeking an annual tithe, they found only the corpse of an unidentified old woman.\n-The Secret of Castle Fairfax, Part I
After the strange disappearance of the alchemist Leo Head, the next owner of the castle was a ruthless man known only as the Count. These were fretful years for Bowerstone. People went missing never to be found again, and there was talk of torture and unholy rituals being conducted in the castle. All that ended when the Fairfax family took over, bringing an era of prosperity to the town. Though even then gossip about the castle didn't end. Ingrid Fairfax died giving birth to Lucien's Father, but it was said that she was an unstable woman, and that the news of her death was a cover for the truth: that she had been locked in an attic, to see out her madness in seclusion. Lucien's father grew up to be a good man, beloved by all, though he never recovered from the death of his daughter, Ellie. Only a very young Lucien witnessed her death, powerless to stop it. Many would remember this early tragedy when an even greater one would befall Lord Lucien later in life.\n-The Secret of Castle Fairfax, Part II