Alignments are what define your character's physical appearance and how people interact with you. The main alignments are concerned with whether your character is good, evil, pure or corrupt. 
Silver Chests require a certain number of silver keys to open, the number of keys needed is marked on each chest. The number of required keys varies from chest to chest and can be as low as 5 or as high as 30. 
Character morphing determines the physical appearance of your character, and is based on your alignments and a number of physical traits. 
The Hero of each game can get married to most of the minor NPCs they see in the games, as well as some awarded from quests (such as Elise/Eliot in Fable III or Lady Grey in Fable), who have unique character models. The Hero will be required to set them to a marital home (all games) and arrange a marriage (Fable III only) after proposing, which can be any purchasable home commonly found in towns. If they are set in towns, the Hero's spouse will not leave that region unless divorced or moved. 
Silver Keys can be found in various places in all Albion, just waiting for the Hero to find them. Their main purpose is to open Silver Chests. You'll mostly have to fish for them or dig them out of the ground as they are mostly found inside flowery circles, or in water where ripples can be seen. 
Demon Doors are magical doors found all over Albion. They were created long ago, in the Old Kingdom, for the purpose of concealing treasures. To enter the door and obtain the treasure, you must first complete a challenge set by the door itself - this can be anything from answering a riddle, to battling guardians. Inside every door, along with the treasure, is a unique area of land. 
The Guild Seal is a large, disk-like object adorned with the symbol of the Heroes' Guild that symbolizes the graduation of a Hero. The seal also serves a practical purpose, however – it can also be used to teleport around Albion through the system of activated Cullis Gates scattered across the land. In addition, it enables anyone with knowledge of the device to communicate with the user. 
Experience Orbs are in Fable, Fable: The Lost Chapters, Fable Anniversary and Fable II. You gain experience orbs by killing enemies and eating certain foods or ingesting some potions. They are used to upgrade yourself in the ways of Strength, Skill and Will. In Fable and Fable: The Lost Chapters, you have to go to The Heroes' Guild to upgrade by going into the green light in the Map Room. In Fable II, you upgrade by going into the Pause Menu and choosing Abilities. 
A great way of making money in very large sums is the real-estate business! Now, if you've played Fable II, you would have noticed that the possibility of having a real-estate empire is a way of making big money. Although, if you've only played the first game, you have to figure it out for yourself. The idea is simple: Approach the lease on a sign usually by the front door of the home, buy the house, then rent it out and voilà! You've got yourself a nice way of quick cash.
Among the gems of wisdom contained in this book are these: "It is generally considered ill-mannered to hit people". "Albion is a materialistic place: shower people with gifts and they'll love you for it" and "Performing good deeds will make everyone appreciate you much more".\n-Making Friends
Subtitled 'How to Make Yourself Sexier in Ten Days', this guide advises its readers to master really Heroic poses, learn to flirt, wear stylish clothes and avoid bad haircuts.\n-The Sock Method
Though admittedly writing for a small market, the author of this manual has many handy tips on making yourself less attractive. Among the chief ideas are: eating plenty of fattening pies, releasing that uncomfortable build-up of bowel gases and making rude gestures to your would-be admirers.\n-The Ugly Guide
This guide to making yourself obnoxious, includes the following tips: learn to swear and do it whenever you please, hit people for no reason at all, and break wind with wild abandon.\n-Windbreaker Rule Book
Originally written to help reformed Bandits and serial killers to become accepted members of society, this book teaches you how to appear less scary to impressionable villagers. It seems not waving your weapons about, avoiding dark clothes and evil-looking tattoos, and letting out the odd giggle all work a treat.\n-You Are Not a Bad Person
When playing Fable 3 and standing near the rocks at the end of the trail through silver pines, the Brightwood trees and Brightwood tower from Fable 2 can be seen. A nice nod to note that the world still lives all around you.\n-Skyrionn
The first core principle of our economic theory can be summarized thusly: greed is good for you. Now, let us clarify who we mean by 'you': not you. At least, not directly. Greed is directly good for the government, because the more you spend to acquire material possessions, feed your family, etc, the stronger the economy becomes, and the more the goverment earns in taxes. A strong economy coupled with a strong government creates an environment in which progress is limitless and virtually anything is possible, and therein lies the 'indirect' benefit of your greed. Of course, given your greediness, you will likely not survive long enough to benefit from society's affluence, being grossly overweight yourself, but think of your children. Yes, they will be predisposed to obesity and an early death just as you were, but their short lives will be far more luxurious than yours. Which brings us to the second core principle: quality is more important than quantity.\n-The Mibbs-Spagmo Theory of Gluttony
Spending all the years of your young life on a small farm in a backwater county has made you restless. Who knows what flight of fancy or idle daydream first sparked your desire for adventure. But once ignited, the flames of wanderlust could not be extinguished - not even by the water of looking at things in more realistic terms and perhaps considering a career in excavation. Your parents tried to reason with you, but the protest of the old ring hollow in the ears of a strong-willed young farm boy or girl like you. And so now you stand at a crossroads. It's a nice one, with newly painted signs and a bench. If you want to head east, toward the ominous ruins, turn to page 2. To go west, towards the ancient forest, turn to page 4. To head north, toward the snow-covered mountains, turn to page 156. If you want to go south, which is back home, read this page again.\n-AdventureQuest: A Select Your Own Endeavour Book
Many have sought the Elixir of Immortality, the Secret Wisdom of the Ages, the Hidden Lore that the Emerald Tablet speaks of. Few have found it. And by few, I mean none, and by none, I mean one. And by one, I mean me. And by mean, I mean imply. Anyway-- I have found the elixir, and now everlasting youth is mine! At last, the ultimate dream I realised: to live for all eternity. In that time I will ponder the greatest questions... such as, do I stay my current age from now on, or could I actually be younger forever? And if so, how would that age be chosen? And will my body still change according to diet and exercise, or is there a sort of implied perfect health that goes along with the longevity? And what happens if I'm shot or I fall off a cliff, can that kill me? Am I only safe from a death by natural causes? And what about fertility? Will I be able to have children 10,000 years from now? Hmmm... I might actually need longer than eternity for some of these.\n-Alchemy and Immortality
Balverines: I've killed fifty of them. With nothing but a rusty cutlass. The Moon: I've been there, in a great balloon. It's amazing and almost never rains. Spells and that: I know them all. Cuisine: Every dish ever prepared, I've eaten it. Inventions: That was me. I invented them. Oh and I wrote this book. Not impressed? You would be if you knew I was illiterate. And paralyzed. And blind.\n-The Amazing Exploits of Baron Barnaby Beadle
When you find yourself in a sword fight, just make sure you gut the other fellow first. Easy, what.\n-How to be a Master Swordsman
When you are shooting things just don't miss. It's as simple as that.\n-How to be a Crack Shot
Get about one hundred handerchiefs (stealing them is an economical alternative to buying them). Stitch, glue or tape them together. Tie a string to each corner. Go to the highest place you can find. Put two strings in each hand and then jump off! Note, this activity does pose significant risks, and should not be attempted except under favourable wind conditions. Even then, you'd have to be completely insane.\n-The Very Unsafe Book for Boys, Vol 1: Hang Gliders
Grease one large round cake pan. Combine flour, eggs, butter, sugar, and salt in a large mixing bowl, bake thoroughly, then pour mixture into cake pans. Bake for thirty minutes and allow to cool. Note, this activity is in fact perfectly safe and most appropriate for right before your mum discovers you've done any of the other things described in my book.\n-The Very Unsafe Book for Boys, Vol. 2: Ovens
Boxing is a wonderful activity for boys. The first thing you'll need, besides a mate willing to let you hit him, is a pair of boxing gloves. These can be purchased from a leather craftsman or stolen out of the locker of a boy you don't like. The idea behind boxing gloves is twofold: to protect the boxer's hands, and to minimise injury to the opponent. At least, that's what you should tell your mum when you ask her to buy them for you -- she'll think you sound very mature. Be sure to use that word 'twofold', as well; that will really impress her. Anyway, the real point of boxing gloves is they allow you to hide large, heavy metal weights which will really knock your opponent's lights out. That'll teach him.\n-The Very Unsafe Book for Boys, Vol. 3: Boxing
Gunpowder is the most destructive tool ever devised by Man. It has forever changed the face of warfare, allowing an untrained peasant to kill a highly disciplined, professional soldier with virtually no effort. Scholars have begun to speculate: could this formidable development destroy the concept of chivalry, perhaps even that of mercy? Only time will tell, and this troubling debate has only just begun. Also, gunpowder is used in fireworks to celebrate various occasions, and if you light off even a quite small one in your hand, it will hurt very, very badly. I cannot overstate how unthinkably horrible the pain is.\n-Dangerous Things: Gunpowder
Remote Locations are ideal for contemplating the night sky, as there is generally little in the way of ambient light. However, these ideal viewing conditions may come at a price. Witness the occasion upon which I went stargazing in a particularly remote and forgotten graveyard. So absorbed was I with the magnificent spectacle of the heavens that when a figure approached, I assumed it was another admirer of the cosmos. I attributed his shambling gait to amazement at the majesty of the stars: his low moans to wonder. I began to pontificate on the constellation Quite Large Spoon Majoris, and when the newcomer did not respond, I lowered my eyes, only to have him attempt to put them out with a rusty pike clenched in his skeletal hand. He was largely unsuccesful in this endeavor, I am happy to report. Still, the episode was a bit unsettling.\n-Dangerous Things: Stargazing In Remote Areas
Getting struck by lightning is a very Bad Thing. Usually it'll kill you outright. You have a one in two million chance of being struck by lightning. The best defence is never to walk outside during a storm. Even safer-- don't go outside at all. Ever. Find a nice big building like an observatory and just hide in there.\n-Dangerous Things: Lightning
If you read this book you are doomed. Don't read another line. Not another word, all right? You're still reading, aren't you? What part of 'Don't read another line' do you not understand? Well, it's too late now, you've read it. You're doomed! You never should have read this. And I probably shouldn't have written it, actually.\n-The Book of Doom
Murgo's book contains several chapters on subjects such as hoodwinking the public, passing old junk as precious, and the importance of a persuasive voice. More useful are the chapters on the basics of trading. A keen eye for sales and shortages is considered a essential skill, as is the ability to track down items at a reduced price. These can be sold in regions where stock is running low for greater profit. Murgo reminds readers that professional traders can have a big impact on a town's economy, driving prices up or down, and effecting welfare of hundreds of people with their choices. And one must never forget the advantage of having a winning personality when it comes to sweet-talking shopkeepers into giving you better deals.\n-Murgo's Big Book of Trading
This book is a comprehensive manual on all aspects of business, including shop ownership, becoming a landlord, and how to make a killing in the property market. On running your own shop it recommends you start by buying a stall, before moving up to a full-sized store. While you can set prices higher or lower than the town standard, it should be noticed that this will not only affect your profits, but peoples opinion on your moral standing in the community as well. It's also a good idea to get along with your employees as they will work harder for you, which will in turn improve turnover. And don't forget, as the owner, you will enjoy special prices on items! The chapter on owning property emphasises the importance of proper management, both in terms of improvement to the houses you either rent out or sell, and your relationships with tenants. The rent you charge will have a profound effect on your reputation. Do you want to be know as a fair landlord or a tyrannical one?\n-A Beginner's Guide to Business
House improvements and decorations aren't just for landlords and property tycoons out to make a profit. Everyone can benefit! Wouldn't you rather wake up in a beautifully hand-crafted mahogany bed than a rickety collection of wood held together by little more than termite corpses and night sweat? If you have a family, it won't be long before they're clamouring for more spiritually satisfying furnishings. So go on, help your town become a nicer place. Decorate your home!\n-Pretty on the Inside
So you're happily married, eh? Then perhaps it's time to have kids! Folklore says that girls are conceived at dawn and boys at dusk, but then again, folk say all kinds of crazy things. You will need to make sure your new family has enough money to live on. Keep them happy with gifts and a nice home, and you can count yourself a successful parent.\n-Becoming a Parent
You may think you've attained your life's ambition by getting married, but your hard work has only just begun. Keeping your spouse happy isn't always easy, but maintain a healthy relationship and not only will your partner shower you with gifts, you will also find that a night's sleep in your marital home can be twice as refreshing and uplifting. Your job is to provide a home your spouse feels comfortable in, and making sure there is always enough gold for general expenses. Whatever you do, don't leave an annoyed spouse behind when you go off to explore the world. Things will only get worse. Follow this advice and you'll be happily married for years to come. Now, have you thought about kids?\n-Marriage and How to Survive It
This book by the behaviourologist Benny Skinful prods and probes that most quirky and unpredictable of animals: the fully-grown Albion human. Described as a deeply opinionated lot, fond of gossip and flip-plopping from a friendly disposition to a hostile one and then back again at the slightest provocation, the people of Albion can be affected by a great number of things. What they see you do, what you say to them, what you wear, what you give them, what they hear about you.... All these things go into the great messy bucket that is their minds. As Skinful says, "take care to really know your subject, whether you intend to befriend it or provoke it, as each individual has its own set of likes, dislikes and all manner of personality idiosyncrasies.\n-Understanding The Albion Psyche
Among the greatest dangers facing a modern mariner is the use of obsolete maps. Albion has been mapped for many centuries at least, but many of the old maps contain significant inaccuracies. This is primarily attributable to two main causes. The Shape of the World: It is only in the last century that the greatest minds in Albion have determined that the world is not flat, as it appears, but actually spherical. Obviously, rendering a sphere as a flat, two-dimensional drawing introduces errors. The Bowerstone Maritime Academy has on permanent display a 500-year-old map of Albion, which shows Bowerstone Bay as much smaller than its actual size. Further, the islands containing Knothole Glade and Hook Coast are shown due west of the main landmass, whereas in fact they lie almost directly northwest of Bowerstone and its environs. Improved Instruments: Using a sextant, navigators can calculate their position with far greater precision than was possible with earlier instruments. The remarkable sextant likewise allows cartographers to plot land features with extraordinary accuracy. Using a modern sextant, a skilled cartographer can achieve astounding precision, in some cases to within a radius as small as three miles!\n-Introduction to Navigation
Animal lover, dog trainer and circus owner Rufina Musket, wrote this series of books to pass on her intimate knowledge of canine psychology. Use this book to teach your dog how to relieve himself on those you want to mock and infuriate. To see him do this, point and laugh at someone, insult them, or tell them to kiss your ass.\n-Dog Tricks, Targeted Urination
Animal lover, dog trainer and circus owner Rufina Musket, wrote this series of books to pass on her intimate knowledge of canine psychology. Use this book to teach your dog how to play dead. To see him do this, you can either play dead yourself or accuse someone of being a chicken.\n-Dog Tricks, Play Dead
Use this tome of wisdom to teach your dog one of the most spectacular canine tricks ever seen: The Backflip! Impress villagers with your dog’s incredible deeds of daring do! To see him perform a backflip, show of a trophy or play a game of Hat, Headband, Moustache.\n-Dog Book: The Backflip
Sand Furies are enemies in Fable III native to the deserts of Aurora, and are mostly found in the regions of Shifting Sands and Sandfall Palace. Sand Furies are extremely acrobatic and have great reflexes and are even known to dodge and block bullets. They will back-flip away from charged Will abilities if they are given the space to do so.
This handbook gives some tips on making yourself scarier to other people. Performing acts of great evil, have certain tattoos applied to your body and mastering a really nasty laugh are all considered winners.\n-Eyes of a Killer
Water Nymphs can drop sapphires when killed, but killing Nymphs may be tricky. Earth Trolls can drop rubies when killed, but killing trolls may be tricky aswell. You may send peoples to fight those for you.. but it may be too easy? Then buy gems with gold! Wait...\n-The Fable Community 
Albion is a home for many creatures and horrible monsters. Shelob maybe be one of the strangest. He lays somewhere deep and dark, waiting for strangers to come and.. share their knowledge about Fable games! \n-How to get more tips